hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we'll be talking about a
revenge film called landmine ghost click
prepare for spoilers ahead the story
starts with a young couple
daniel and alicia going on a camping
trip with their friend
chris they stopped for daniel to have a
quick
bathroom break while the boyfriend is
gone the two have a not so innocent
conversation
about how they hooked up chris wants to
tell his friend the truth whereas
alicia is a lot more dishonest they
venture into an
old war zone and walks on foot to their
camping location
on the way there daniel stops on a
mountaintop with his girlfriend
and wants his friend to marry them right
there
chris proceeds but quickly becomes
uncomfortable
with their intimacy and bails out
clearly
he still has a lot of residual feelings
towards the girl
at night chris finally comes to terms
with their marriage
and gives them his blessings daniel then
proceeds to take alicia to his tent
and have a fun time while his friend is
watching
the next morning chris wakes up finding
a man
going through their stuff and has a
fight with him
however it turns out he is actually
daniel's buddy
who was getting his camera for alicia
the three
then proceeds to stand together and have
a photo
as they position themselves accordingly
chris
steps on something and hears a click the
bald man
shouts that it's a bomb and everyone
needs to get away from chris
for safety the man then runs to the
closest town
to seek help daniel and alicia
tries to call for help with a cell phone
and luckily
they picked up a signal as daniel talks
on the phone his tone
changes he looks at his girlfriend and
tells her that they don't save
[ __ ] it turns out that chris told
daniel about their hookups
most likely because he believed he was
going to die
but it didn't matter because daniel knew
this a long time ago
in fact he reveals that he was the one
who planted the bond there
he lets out his anger on both of them
and leaves
regardless of how hard alicia pleased
for him to stay
daniel then goes looking for his friend
who never went for help
in the first place but is watching with
a binocular
it's revealed that the bomb is fake and
the whole thing was set up
as a revenge the bald man wants to help
them after a little bit
but daniel refuses and claims that they
should go drink beer
and seek out some ladies alicia tries to
disarm the landmine by leaving
a pin in it but we see as audiences
that she was just lying to chris
whatever their intentions are
it seems like everyone in this movie has
trouble about being honest
with no other way to disarm the bomb she
begins digging around it after some time
a middle-aged man named elia shows up
with his dog
he then points a gun at them believing
they're actually burying dead bodies
our protagonist quickly explains their
situation
and diffuses the conflict however when
they ask the man for help
he is reluctant and even tries to
sabotage the situation
by throwing a rock at chris knowing full
well
that he couldn't move his actions become
more
and more vulgar especially towards
alicia
and he even takes one of her underwear
out for the keeping
chris becomes furious and decides to
step off the landmine and get physical
but alicia quickly stops him and reveals
that she
lied about the pin ilya laughs at both
of them
and claims if they want his help they
have to make it worthwhile
he tells alicia to take off her
underwear and begin
stripping chris tells her to stop but
she does not believe there is any other
way
she satisfies the perverted requests
from the man
but it was still not enough chris tries
to distract him by insulting his mother
which gives alicia an opportunity to run
however she was caught and eventually
forced to do unspeakable things
with the fat man chris manages to grab
the gun
but is unable to pull the trigger
because of their close proximity
he yells for alicia to quickly move away
after the deed was done
but misfires due to elia's dog jumping
on him
instead of hitting the man he shot
alicia right in the neck
ilia reveals to them that real landmines
blow up
right after you step on them unlike the
hollywood movies they always watch
he then leaves the two to their own
peril
some time has passed and we see chris is
asking for help
from a mother and her daughter it turns
out that they're actually
ilia's family the fat man comes back and
is shocked when he sees chris
and asks him to leave right away
surprisingly chris
actually does what he was told and
leaves the family alone
nonetheless elias sets his dog on chris
and prays that it's enough to scare him
away moments later
chris runs back with elia's dog wounded
and close to dying
ilia quickly brings out his gun and aims
at the protagonist
however chris knows that the gun is not
loaded
as he took the bullets away and proceeds
to shoot both ilya's ankles
crippling him he then begins to threaten
elia's daughter
to take off her underwear the same way
alicia
was forced to chris takes the underwear
and stuffs it into her father's mouth
warning him not to spit it out he takes
out all but one bullet from his gun
and forces the daughter to strip every
time she does
he posts the trigger she eventually
succumbs to his wishes
but luck runs out and chris shoots her
point blank
in the head a shocked expression can be
seen from chris's face
after he realized what he has done it
then becomes regret
emptiness and sadness as he realizes
nothing
can bring alicia back the movie is
obviously trying to tell us that revenge
never solves anything and it surely does
not make one feel any better
we should also try not to lie to each
other as it is almost guaranteed
to make things worse so what do you guys
think about the movie
please let me know in the comments below
and if you like my videos
please press like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you